Added small blurb on storing env variables as secrets for connections. (#1042)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/guides/operations/kubernetes/overview/index.md

## Resource mapping

> Radius resources, when deployed to a Kubernetes environment, are mapped to one or more Kubernetes objects.If a connection is established between Radius resources they are stored as Secret objects if they are Radius automatically-configured values and regular Kubernetes objects if they are manually configured by a user. The following table describes the mapping between Radius resources and Kubernetes objects:

Reviewer: I'd keep this blurb the same and add an entry for connections in the table below

Radius resources, when deployed to a Kubernetes environment, are mapped to one or more Kubernetes objects. The following table describes the mapping between Radius resources and Kubernetes objects:

> | Radius resources/configurations | Kubernetes object |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Radius resource/configuration | Kubernetes object |
```

|----------------------------------|-------------------|
| [`Applications.Core/containers`]({{< ref container-schema >}}) | `apps/Deployment@v1`<br /> <br /> `core/Service@v1` _(if ports defined)_ |

> | [`Applications.Core/containers.connections`]({{< ref "container-schema#properties" >}}) | `core/Secret@v1` <br /> Mounted to the container as an environment variable, visit the [connections guide]({{< ref howto-connect-dependencies >}}) to learn more|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Applications.Core/containers` connections | `core/Secret@v1` <br /> Mounted to the container as environment variables. Refer to the [connections guide]({{< ref howto-connect-dependencies >}}) to learn more. |
```

| Radius resource                  | Kubernetes object |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|

> | [`Applications.Core/containers`]({{< ref container-schema >}}) | `apps/Deployment@v1`<br /> <br /> `core/Service@v1` _(if ports defined)_ <br /> <br /> The `connections` property allows users to declare a connection between two resources, which Radius uses to inject resource related information into environment variables. This information is stored in a Kubernetes secret object if it is automatically-configured data and a non-secret Kubernetes object if its manually configured data. They are then used to access the respective resource information without having to hard code URIs, connection strings, access keys, or anything that an application code needs to successfully communicate. |

Reviewer: Can we make this more succinct? Paragraph-style text isn't usually what we include in tables. Ideally we could match what's already there.

Author: @AaronCrawfis Yeah with this one I'm honestly a bit stuck on how to best illustrate that as a kubernetes object as well as convey that its only automated date that's encrypted versus manual data being a string.

```
| Radius resource                  | Kubernetes object |
|----------------------------------|-------------------|
| [`Applications.Core/containers`]({{< ref container-schema >}}) | `apps/Deployment@v1`<br />`core/Service@v1` _(if ports defined)_ |
| [`Applications.Core/containers`]({{< ref container-schema >}}) | `apps/Deployment@v1`<br /> <br /> `core/Service@v1` _(if ports defined)_ <br /> <br />  `connections` -> Kubernetes Secret |
```
????
